chore(docs): Add note about react-loadable (#16642)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/debugging-html-builds.md

  }
}
```

> Another solution is to use a package named [reactloadble] (https://github.com/jamiebuilds/react-loadable). The module that wants to use the window object will be imported in a way that doesn't trigger a build error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another solution is to use a package like [react-loadable] (https://github.com/jamiebuilds/react-loadable). The module that tries to use `window` will be dynamically loaded only on the client side (and not during SSR). 
```
